How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The diff command automatically searches through every line of code and
    compares both of the files.
    It pointed out all the changes and helped point out the typo in the word.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    In process of developing something, there are usually various versions.
    Having easy access to the entire history of a file will make it easier
    to revert back to a previous version and also help with debugging.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros
    Manually choosing when to create a commit allows the user to save versions that
    have reached a certain stage; one that is worth saving.
    Cons
    As a beginner choosing when to create a commit might not be as easy as it seems
    and there's a possibility of loosing information by not saving at the right time,
    or if the computer crashes unexpectedly without saving.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Sometimes the files are related and should be saved as multiple files in one commit.
    Others such as Google Docs, treat each file separately mainly because they are independent
    of each other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log provided a summary of the history of the files along with the id for each commit.
    Git diff is used to compare two commits by supplying the ids for the commits that are being compared.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Changes that end up breaking something can easily be reverted by checking out previous commits to see
    the one that cause the change.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Hotels.ng internship
